[KOGITO-9464] Update Operator Guides and Use Cases (#381)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/cloud/operator/developing-workflows.adoc

> = Developing Workflow Applications with the Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Developing Workflows with the Operator
```
Maybe we can just say workflows?  As especially with this single file approach, it's not really an application imho.  Also, for prod build chapter we also say "Building and Deploying Workflows with the Operator".

The development profile is the easiest way to start playing around with Workflows and the operator.

> To get started, you can use an editor of your choice to create a new `SonataFlow` Custom Resource YAML definition. For example:

Reviewer: How do we hook this up with the kn-workflow CLI?  Because my assumption is that users in general do NOT have to write CRs themselves.  It's fine for more expert people to understand this, or even write CRs themselves, but in general I assume kn-workflow will do that work for the rest.  This content most likely will live in another chapter, but I think we should point people there as the preferred option.
Action item for when the kn-workflow guide updates land?

Author: As soon as we get the kn cli docs, we can update it here and add a link there. Something like "Use kn workflow to deploy the CRs for you, this chapter is just an explanation of how to do it manually..."

> .Example of a Kubernetes {product_name} YAML definition

Author: It is!

code workflow_devmode.yaml
kubectl apply -f workflow_devmode.yaml -n <your_namespace>
----

The operator ensures that the latest Workflow definition is running and ready.
This way, you can include the Workflow application in your development scenario and start making requests to it.

== Check if the Workflow is running

In order to check that the {product_name} Greeting application is up and running, you can try to perform a test HTTP call. First, you must get the service URL:

.Exposing the Workflow application
[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
minikube service greeting -n <your_namespace> --url
http://127.0.0.1:57053

# use the above output to get the current Workflow URL in your environment
----

[TIP]
====
When running on Minikube, the service is already exposed for you via `NodePort`. On OpenShift, link:{openshift_route_url}[a Route is automatically created in devmode]. If you're running on Kubernetes you can link:{kubernetes_url}[expose your service using an Ingress].
====

You can now point your browser to the Swagger UI and start making requests with the REST interface.

> For example, using the above command execution you can access the Swagger UI via `http://127.0.0.1:57053/q/swagger-ui/`.

Reviewer: I think we could just point people to the chapter around how to test their workflow and remove some of the details around swagger-ui here, as for example the devUI could be used instead as well, or any of the other options.

Author: I'll link the other chapter here, but the devUI guide we don't have it yet. 🤔

}
----

You can even make changes to your `SonataFlow` YAML file and see the results using the Swagger UI.

> == Remove the Workflow application

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Remove the Workflow
```
Same as ^ if we go that route

kubectl delete -f <your_file> -n <your_namespace>
----

> == Referencing resources in the workflow

Reviewer 2: @ricardozanini Nit: I think we want to refer to **W**orkflow and not **w**orkflow throughout the docs?

See the xref:cloud/operator/referencing-resource-files.adoc[] guide for more complex scenarios where you may need to reference other resources in the workflow definition.

> == Using another workflow base image

Reviewer 2: @ricardozanini Is there a reason why the user would want to do this? It might be worth calling out 1 or 2 of the main use-cases that would prompt a user to consider a custome workflow base image to help people better use the documentation.

Author: Yeah, I'll expand this into a security/policy use case where users need to change the image to fit their needs.

kubectl delete -f <your_file> -n <your_namespace>
----

== Referencing resources in the Workflow

See the xref:cloud/operator/referencing-resource-files.adoc[] guide for more complex scenarios where you may need to reference other resources in the workflow definition.

== Using another Workflow base image

> If your scenario has strict policies for image usages, such as security or hardening constraints, you can replace the default image used by the operator. Alternatively, you might want to test a nighly build with a bug fix or a custom image containing your customizations.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If your scenario has strict policies for image usage, such as security or hardening constraints, you can replace the default image used by the operator. Alternatively, you might want to test a nightly build with a bug fix or a custom image containing your customizations.
```

By default, the operator will use the image distributed upstream to run the workflows in the development profile. You can change this image by editing the `SonataFlowPlatform` custom resource in the namespace where you deployed your workflows:

.Patching the current SonataFlowPlatform with the new image
[source,bash,subs="attributes+"]
----
# use `kubectl get sonataflowplatform` to get the SonataFlowPlatform name
kubectl patch sonataflowplatform <name> --patch  'spec:\n devBaseImage: <your new image full name with tag>' -n <your_namespace>
----

From now on, every workflow deployment in the development profile will use this image to run your application.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> The default image was created to run a Quarkus Java application in devmode. You can replace this image with another one as long as it has the same concept. One way of doing this is using the default as the base image.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The default image was created to run a Quarkus Java application in dev mode. You can replace this image with another one as long as it has the same concept. One way of doing this is using the default as the base image.
```
